Sep 20th
Today the class started working with Coffee script. We have been developing a small program that encodes messages, given a key.
Previous days we were mostly working on the design, but today we actually worked on the logical part, and it made me really 
happy when we finally made the program work, Even though I didn't understand most of the logic behind it, I'll be working on my 
own to try to figure out. After we finished developing encryption tool, we studied a little bit packet switchning with a gif 
animation, which I think was pretty useful. After that we started working on our IAs. I was able to finish the Forgot password 
of the software I am developing and it made me really happy. I have also been working on return books page, but a bug has been 
causing me trouble and I am not able to fix it yet. Overall this today, was productive to some extent, but still I am not 
satisfied.

Sep 26th 
Today in our Computer Science class we studied Databases and ER diagrams. This class is very interesting because my computer 
science IA is also connected to database, so it's a pretty good opportunity for me to learn more about databases and ER diagrams.
We created table in myadminphp and we are working on making a login page. I have already done a login page for my IA, but it's 
pretty good to know also how to make one using php. I am getting better at classes, because at the begining I had no idea what 
was going on and hesitated to ask the teacher, but now I am able to ask when I don't understand something. Hopefully in the next
few weeks, I will fully adapt to teaching style of Dr. Ruben. 

Sep 27th
Today in our Computer Science class we worked on the login page that we have been working for quite a while, and we were able 
to finish it. It's a little different than in java using sqlite, but I am kind of understanding it. It's pretty good, because 
web development is one of the skills that is needed as everything is getting done online. After the class I also worked with Dr. 
Ruben on a bug that I has been troubling me for weeks. It took us almost an hour to identify the mistake, which was ridicilous 
when we found out. But I think it was a pretty good experience and fun. I was able to learn more, like how to use more than one
SQL quesrries in the same button which I found amazing, because I used to create method somewhere else and call that method which
was I think took more computing time, but this way seems easier. 
